iress

Bachelor of Science at University of Western Australia (Feb, 2014 - Nov, 2017) with a Degree Specific Major in Engineering Science (Software Specialisation) and a Second Major in Computer Science. 




I have good experience working with C Programming Language, as demonstrated by the fact that I was awarded High Distinctions in both Systems Programming and High Performance Computing units, the final projects of both of these units I have implemented in C. I have worked on two group projects involving Web Application Development, one of them entitled "TeamSpark", a team-mate matching service was implemented using NodeJS and Express, which gave me a strong understanding of the MVC architecture in web application development. I have further worked on another project entitled "ActiviLog", a tool for taking supervised logs of activities. ActiviLog is an Open Source Single Page Web Application created using a MERN full stack. ActiviLog is intended to be used by UWA students undertaking Clinical Placements. I have further solidified my web application development skills during my internship working on the TABTouch mobile web application. I have proven that I have a decent basal knowledge of Relational Database Management Systems, gaining a High Distinction in UWA’s Introduction to Databases unit. The unit involved a project which was to design and write the schema for a juice store which I used MySQL for. I have worked extensively with Document Database using MongoDB for the two aforementioned Web Application projects. I also have strong experience in writing Java code, as it is my preferred programming language and I have worked on several Open Source projects using Java and Python.

Yes, I am an Australian citizen.


RBA

I am passionate about problem solving and programming. I only discovered my love for coding after my first year at University, it brings me great joy to think that people working at IT, particularly in Software Development are creating complex pieces of software that are being used by millions of users all around the globe. 

My passion for being able to create Software by applying my knowledge acquired from my courses at university, from my work as an intern and self-taught skills has driven me to pursue a career in ICT.



I had a strong passion for Economics, and have undertaken various Economics elective units throughout my Software Engineering degree. While studying Economics I learnt about the role of Reserve Bank of Australia (RBA) in our Monetary Policy, I strongly believe an opportunity to bring my ICT skills into RBA would be a great privilege for me. 